good news is job well done getting rid
of Derek and Ray move you up real fast
on the bat Jay wants blood you know if
he finds out we're dead all you have to
do is find some idiot depend on you guys
are talking to the wrong guy it's not
like we're asking your rob a bank or
anything just help us sling a little
stuff here on that that's what you're
gonna be making your first month less
hope you don't get seasick gentlemen
welcome to Jay markers island as you
know American government making things
difficult for me live my life the way I
want to I need people that can earn earn
a lot those are investment banker che
stop something important has come up I
have to go nikon
you'll do what hey they steal my life's
you pull it together now you Walker
that's right she stuffs Mercury's right
money's in the trunk on your knees girls
I know you know his stuff that is you
think I'm afraid of jmar cure I'm battle
in a case of herpes nastier than that
bitch where they're from I don't know
boss Jay wants all his money transferred
out of the country boy dad could see us
now the most dangerous place to be is
between Jay and his money I don't think
I'm gonna wait around to get hacked out
by mark here's man you can save us on
painting each other's way boyfriend us
do you even know how Jade's gonna react
when he finds out Tommy Domino small as
merchandise and you just wouldn't happen
I'm not going anywhere with either one
plea to especially not the car paid for
with drug money but you know ever talked
to Shay like that not gonna get chemo
over this
in school
Michael sorry
Bobby why I was wearing that hat i hate
that head